the book of Ezra now in the first year
of Cyrus king of Persia that the word of
the Lord by the mouth of Jeremiah might
be fulfilled the Lord stirred up the
spirit of Cyrus king of Persia so that
he made a proclamation throughout all
his kingdom and also put it in writing
thus says Cyrus king of Persia all the
kingdoms of the earth the Lord God of
heaven has given me and he has commanded
me to build him a house at Jerusalem
which is in Judah who is among you of
all his people may his God be with him
and let him go to Jerusalem which is in
Judah and build the house of the Lord
God of Israel he is God which is in
Jerusalem and whoever is left in any
place where he dwells let the men of his
place help him
with silver and gold with Goods and
livestock
besides the free will offerings for the
house of God which is in Jerusalem then
the heads of the father's houses of
Judah and Benjamin and the priest from
the Levites
with all whose spirits God had moved
arose to go up and build the house of
the Lord which is in Jerusalem and all
those who were around them
encouraged them with articles of silver
and gold with Goods and livestock and
with precious things besides all that
was willingly offer
King Cyrus also brought out the articles
of the house of the Lord which
Nebuchadnezzar had taken from Jerusalem
and put in the temple of his gods and
Cyrus king of Persia brought them out by
the hand of Mithra death the treasure
and counted them out to shesh baza
the Prince of Judah this is the number
of them 30 gold platters 1000 silver
platters 29 knives 30 gold basins 410
silver basins of a similar kind and
1,000 other articles all the articles of
gold and silver were 5400 all these Josh
Bazar took with the captives who were
brought from Babylon to Jerusalem